Adds Documention for how to run an in-place Agones upgrade (#3904)
googleforgames/agones: site/content/en/docs/Installation/upgrading.md

If you are upgrading a single cluster, we recommend creating a maintenance window, in which your game goes offline
for the period of your upgrade, as there will be a short period in which Agones will be non-responsive during the upgrade.

{{% feature publishVersion="1.99.0" %}}

> #### In-Place Agones Upgrades

Author: Do we want to publish this now, or wait for the release? There's no feature gate, so there's nothing preventing a user from starting to use in place upgrades now.

Reviewer: I think it's still make sense to have a defined time point when the feature is "officially" in alpha. So let's keep this.

        spec:
          replicas: 2
          template:
            metadata:
              # Adding a label will start a Fleet rollout with the most up to date Agones config. The label can be any `key: value` pair.
              labels:
                release: 1.42.0
        ```
        3. Ready Game Servers will shut down (RollingUpdate or Recreate based on the Fleet replacement
        strategy type) and be recreated on the new configuraiton. Allocated Game Servers will use the
        existing configuration, and once they are set back to Ready, these Game Servers will shut down
        and be replaced by Ready Game Servers at the new configuration.
        4. Wait until all the previous Ready GameServers have been replaced by the new configuration.

    2. *Option 2 -- Not Recommended* Continue using Fleet at its existing configuration without kicking
    off a Fleet upgrade.
        1. Ready Game Servers and Allocated Game servers that return to the Ready state retain the old
        configuration.
        2. Any newly created Game Servers will be at the new configuration.
        3. This make it difficult to track when the entire fleet is at a new configuration, and

>         increases the liklihood of having multiple Game Server configurations on the same Fleet.

Reviewer: liklihood -> likelihood

If you are upgrading a single cluster, we recommend creating a maintenance window, in which your game goes offline
for the period of your upgrade, as there will be a short period in which Agones will be non-responsive during the upgrade.

{{% feature publishVersion="1.43.0" %}}
#### In-Place Agones Upgrades

{{< alert color="warning" title="Warning" >}}
Work is ongoing for [In-Place Agones Upgrades](https://github.com/googleforgames/agones/issues/3766),

> and the feature is currently in `Dev`. Please continue to use the multi-cluster strategy for

Reviewer 2: Easy option - make it 1.99.0 until we're happy with where it is at, and we can pull it back to whatever the next release is? 😄

pods are not all successfully running within the designated `--timeout`.

Note: By “controller derived configuration” we mean the parts of the Game Server’s final state that
are not part of the Game Server spec template that are instead passed to the Game Server through the
controller, such as the FEATURE_GATES or the Agones SDK Image.

##### Upgrade Existing Fleet (recommended)

1. Run `helm upgrade my-release --install --atomic --wait --timeout 10m --namespace=agones-system`
with all the appropriate arguments, such a `--version`, for your specific upgrade. Keep in mind that
`helm upgrade` overwrites all `--set agones.` arguments, so these must be set for each upgrade. See
[Helm Configuration]({{< relref "./Install Agones/helm.md" >}}) for a list of all available
configurable parameters.
2. Wait until the `helm upgrade` is complete.
3. Kick off rolling update of existing Fleet.
    1. Make any change to the Fleet Spec Template in your fleet.yaml and reapply with
    `kubectl apply -f fleet.yaml`.
    2. If you have no changes to make to the existing Fleet Spec Template in the fleet.yaml,

>     then add a label to the spec.template.metadata.labels. This has the added advantage that Game

Author: Either one will kick off a Fleet update. I'm suggesting the labels here, so that they can use `matchLabels` to create a gameserverallocation like:

```
apiVersion: allocation.agones.dev/v1
kind: GameServerAllocation
spec:
  selectors:
    - matchLabels:
        release: 1.42.0
```

>     then add a label to the spec.template.metadata.labels. This has the added advantage that Game

Reviewer 2: Nit on rewrite:

```markdown
If you have no changes to make to the existing `spec.template` in the fleet.yaml, then either add a label or annotation to the `spec.template.metadata`. Reapply with `kubectl apply -f fleet.yaml`.
```

(also being consistent on how we're referencing each part of the CRD)

I don't know if we need to be providing recommendation on label vs annotation here -- just because it's entirely up to the end user -- they may not care about filtering on it on allocation and it is a simpler instruction without it.

WDYT?

    Servers can be selected for allocation by label. Reapply with `kubectl apply -f fleet.yaml`.
    ```yaml
    apiVersion: agones.dev/v1
    kind: Fleet
    metadata:
      name: example-fleet
    spec:
      replicas: 2
      template:
        metadata:
          # Adding a label will start a Fleet rollout (RollingUpdate or Recreate based on the replacement strategy type) with the most up to date Agones config. The label can be any `key: value` pair.
          labels:
            release: 1.42.0
    ```

>     3. This creates a new Game Server Set. Ready Game Servers will shut down and be recreated on
>     the new configuraiton on the new Game Server Set. Allocated Game Servers will use the existing
>     configuration, and once they are set back to Ready, these Game Servers will shut down and be
>     replaced by Ready Game Servers at the new configuration on the new Game Server Set.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    3. This will start an update on the Fleet, wherein Ready `GameServers` will shut down and be recreated on
    the new configuration. Allocated `GameServers` need to wait until they are shut down and be
    replaced for to be updated with the new version of Agones' components.
```

I'd remove the reference to the `GameServerSet` since it's an implementation details the end user doesn't need to know/care about.

>     4. The rollout is complete once there is one Game Server Set at the new configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4.Wait until all the Ready `GameServers` are replaced.
```

Original statement is untrue, and also the end user rarely looks at GameServerSets, 

If there are allocated `GameServer` you could get multiple `GameServerSets`.

Author: Allocated game servers will still be at the old configuraiton until they are set back to ready, shut down, etc. So all the Ready game servers could be at the new configuration, and there would still be game servers at the old configuraiton. I guess, what are we defining as "the rollout is complete"? It could be either that Agones is upgraded (this should be in the ~minutes), or all Ready game servers are at the new configuraiton, or all game servers are at the new configuraiton?

Author: In regards to when a _Fleet_ rollout is complete:

```
"Done" (for the initial Alpha release) is:

At least one Ready or Allocated or Reserved GameServer from the new GameServerSet.
Only Allocated and Reserved GameServers on any previous GameServerSets.
```
https://github.com/googleforgames/agones/issues/2817#issuecomment-1526003786

Should this apply to the Agones upgrade as well?

Reviewer 2: I'd be tempted to be a little more ambiguous here. Probably the best we could do would be "Wait until all the previous Ready GameServers have been replaced by the new version.'

And leave it up to the end user what they want to do with anything Allocated or Reserved.

4. Run any other tests to ensure the Agones installation is working as expected.
5. Congratulations - you have now upgraded to a new version of Agones! 👍

> ##### Delay Upgrade to Existing Fleet (not recommended)

Reviewer 2: Why is one recommended over the other?

Author: Do you mean compared to delaying the upgrade, or compared to adding or not adding a label?

Reviewer 2: Compared to delaying the existing Fleet - we never specify why one is preferred over the other. We should be clear on that (I'm also curious 😆)

Author: I did some rearranging / reordering. The wording or format could probably be clearer. Let me know if you have any additional suggestions!

> 1. Run `helm upgrade my-release --install --atomic --wait --timeout 10m --namespace=agones-system`

Reviewer 2: Rather than have this section, could we not have 

#### In-Place Agones Upgrades

... outline how to do it in in place

##### Upgrade to Existing Fleet (recommended)

... outline how to force a `Fleet` update

and then we don't have to have the same thing twice?
